got all my plywood in here to start in
on the miter saw wall which is going to
go over here and hopefully being so
excited hopefully all kinds of
organization well know hopefully about
it will I got some this is all 3/4 inch
plywood 10 sheets 3/4 inch plywood and
it's 3/4 inch luan it's just like some
birch hardwood plywood stuff stuff stuff
is heavy but as you can see it's been
sitting outside under a covered roof but
still outside nonetheless and that's
actually working out in my favor because
typically when you when I pick up sheet
goods from Lowe's or something you know
the sheet gets are stored inside so once
I get them into my shop then the they
absorb the moisture in the air because
it's it's less humid inside low as well
in here I took it from outside to the
garage doors open so basically outside
this stuff is remaining nice and stable
while I work with it and then if it
moves after it's put together well it's
going to be much smaller pieces by that
point and I shouldn't have any problems
at all but just a little bit of junk on
the side that needs to hit it with a
sander real quick a hand sand pad to
knock off the dirt before I put it on
the table saw fence but got a real good
deal on this stuff so I bought 10 sheets
of it and a couple sheets of quarter
quarter inch luan it was it was raining
when I went and got it and didn't have
enough time to get it otherwise so I put
one sheet down one sheet on top once I
had the whole stack but the way I'm
hauling them in my truck this is a short
wheelbase small little s10 and in the
bed of the truck it's got these little
little ridges right here and then these
two by fours sit in here and I've always
had these in place I had four on what
happened to the third one I think I
chopped it up for something else but
what I did before I left is I just
screwed three more of these two befores
this way so I had pretty good support
the whole full length of this and I
could haul full eight-foot sheet goods
with absolutely no problem
and loading them up was really easy
because of this just slide them on and
then unloading them I turned the truck
around backed up to the table saw sorry
for it's so shaky and I literally just
slid them off onto this and then slid
him onto my saw horses so I never had to
pick them up and then I realized well
forget that let's just go right to the
table saw right to right there and that
was the easiest ten sheets of plywood
I've ever moved in my life it was so
cool just back the truck up and get it
all done but anyway I've got a lot of
work ahead of me and I need to get this
crap organized so you guys have a very
productive week and I'll talk to you
next time